# CS102 ~ Group Meetings Log page ~

Below is a record of our project group meetings. This page will be submitted together with the rest of the repository, in partial fulfillment of the CS102 course requirements.

****
### Meeting ~ Group work Hw1 Hangman game (date, 1 hour)
****
**Present:** Everyone

**Discussion:** 
We solved the group homework: The Hangman game. Everyone contributed.

**ToDo:** Need to upload to Moodle.

****
### Meeting ~ Project idea brainstorming at Bilka (date, 1 hours)
****
**Present:** Everyone 

**Discussion:** 
We have discussed project ideas. Each one of us came up with at least one project idea

**ToDo:** Need to discuss our ideas with Mr.Davenport

****
### Meeting ~ Project proposal group work (25.02.2020, 2 hours)
****
**Present:** Everyone except 1 member _**Absent:**_ Selbi Ereshova

**Discussion:** 
We have written the project proposal.

****
### Meeting ~ Project idea brainstorming at Mozart cafe (date, 1 hours)
****
**Present:** Everyone 

**Discussion:** 
Since Mr.Davenport didn’t like any of our ideas we decided to go with the most entertaining and challenging project ideas- piano teaching app (Emirhan’s idea)

**ToDo:**Again need to discuss our ideas with Mr.Davenport
****

****
### Meeting ~ Created the UI for our program. (23 March, 3 hour)
****
**Present:** Everyone

**Discussion:** 
Decided the UI for our program. We did the "art" phase of it.

**ToDo:** We have to finish our report.

****

****
### Meeting ~ Finishing UI report (1 May, 2 hour)
****
**Present:** Everyone

**Discussion:** 
We wrote and modified our UI report.

**ToDo:** Each group member has to learn Android Studio until the next stage of the project.

****

****
### Meeting ~ Sketched the outline of our detailed design (23 April, 2.5 hour)
****
**Present:** Everyone

**Discussion:** 
Decided the main classes and objects and properties.

**ToDo:** We need to complete "has a" and "is a" relationships.
****

****
### Meeting ~ Finishing the detailed design(26 April, 2 hour)
****
**Present:** Everyone

**Discussion:** 
Nearly finished detailed design. We all have an idea about the implementation of the app right now.

**ToDo:** Distribute the work amongst group members.

****

****
### Meeting ~ Distributing the workload( 1 May, 1 hour)
****
**Present:** Everyone

**Discussion:** 
We distrubuted the work need to be done to accomplished our project.
**Suleyman** = userprofile, sidebar screen
**Selbi** = mainmenuscreen, questionscreen, sortable,firebase
**Oguz** = question, answer, question database
**Olcaytu** = login screen, signup screen,searchresultscreen, firebase
**Emirhan** = searchengine, tag, overtext

**ToDo:** Need to actually start coding.

****

****
### Meeting ~ Merging the main code parts( 11 May, 1.5 hour)
****
**Present:** Everyone

**Discussion:** 
Merged the parts we have coded using GitHub. Had some problems about file names and Android Studio but we fixed them together.

**ToDo:** Need to submit Detailed Design report tomorrow.

****
